E10 is regular unleaded e10 fuel blended with between 9% and 10% ethanol. E10 is a safe and reliable fuel, compatible with the majority of e10 fuel-powered cars on the road today. Ethanol is a colourless alcohol that can be used as an alternative fuel and is considered a renewable fuel when produced from agricultural sources.

Ethanol blended motor vehicle fuel is used in over 64 countries.
The majority of modern cars running on unleaded e10 fuel today are compatible with E10.

According to popular belief, Tuesdays and Sundays are the cheapest days to buy e10fuel, while Thursdays and Fridays are best avoided. However, this is not always the case and prices can fluctuate wildly from week-to-week. It therefore pays to do some actual research.

e10 fuel prices in Australia's largest cities tend to move in cycles. Currently, there are price cycles in Adelaide, Brisbane, Melbourne, Perth and Sydney. Price cycles are characterised by a rapid increase in prices to a peak (referred to as a "hike") and then a slower decrease of prices. Price cycles are a marketing strategy developed by e10fuel companies and do not reflect movements in the cost of the product.  Price cycles do not occur in most regional areas.

Sydney.
Wednesday is the Cheapest e10 fuel day in Sydney.
Tuesday is the Expensive e10 fuel day in Sydney.
The Cheapest e10 fuel In Sydney Metro Croydon Park. Georges River Rd, Croydon Park NSW 2233.


Melbourne.
Thursday is the Cheapest e10 fuel day in Melbourne.
Thursday is the Expensive e10 fuel day in Melbourne.
You can find Cheapest e10 fuel In Melbourne Metro Croydon Park. Georges River Rd, Croydon Park NSW 2233.


Adelaide.
Friday/Monday is the cheapest e10 fuel day in Adelaide.
Saturday is the Expensive e10 fuel day in Adelaide.

Kilburn, Blair Athol, McLaren Vale and Seaford are the best places to be today for the cheapest e10 fuel in Adelaide.

Brisbane.
Monday is the cheapest e10 fuel day in Brisbane.
Tuesday-Wednesday is the Expensive e10 fuel day in Brisbane.

Perth.
Monday is the cheapest e10 fuel day in Perth.
Tuesday is the Expensive e10 fuel day in Perth.


Currently, the lowest average price during a Perth price cycle is on Monday and the highest average price is on Tuesday.

Buy when e10 fuel is cheap - generally on Monday, don't buy when your tank is empty.

E10 is often the cheapest e10 fuel available in NSW, but the lower price has nothing to do with the quality of the fuel.

E10 is a safe and reliable fuel, compatible with the majority of e10 fuel-powered cars on the road today. Ethanol is a colourless alcohol that can be used as an alternative fuel and is considered a renewable fuel when produced from agricultural sources.

Fuel retailers have to notify FuelWatch of their prices for tomorrow by 2.00pm each day. If the notified prices indicate a price cycle will be commencing on the following day, FuelWatch alerts email subscribers, issues media releases and publishes a news story on the website from 2.30pm. This gives Perth motorists a warning that prices will be increasing. 

Currently Perth has a weekly e10 fuel price cycle. Generaly, all the e10 fuel related products move together, so if you buy PULP or 98RON, you should also monitor what is happening with e10 fuel prices. FuelWatch publishes a graph showing the price trend over the last month for all fuel products.

In a typical Perth e10 fuel price cycle, most retailers "hike" their prices on Tuesday, commencing a new price cycle. They will usually increase their prices by between 8 and 14 cpl.

Other retailers will usually follow the "hiked" prices the next day. The day after the peak of the cycle, prices usually begin decreasing. FuelWatch encourages motorists, as far as possible, to avoid the peak of the cycle, when cheaper prices are harder to find.


Average regular unleaded prices in Sydney should range between 142 cents per litre (at the high point of the current cycle) and 87 cents per litre (at the low point of the current cycle).
Average regular unleaded prices fell 4.4 cents per litre while diesel prices fell 3.1 cents per litre this past week.
Global Factors – Last 7 days

Weekly average Tapis (Asian crude) price rose 5.8 cents per litre (cpl) in $A.

The weekly average Singapore price of unleaded e10 fuel, Mogas 95, which is the key e10 fuel benchmark for Australia fell from $US 21.90 to $US 19.98 a barrel this past week, equal to a fall of 2.5 cpl in $A.

